The primary way that you manage users in
your AWS account is something called IM,
which I don't know that's
supposed to be clever but
it's identity access management.
But it also feels like I am this user.
That could not be a potential pawn or not.
Who knows?
So it's got simpler over the years.
Before, you'll notice that the root
user has no API access currently, right?
And that's good.
That way you don't have to worry about
accidentally pushing the root users key
up to GitHub.
And in a public repo, exposing it
to everyone because at this moment,
the root user does not have an API key for
you to push up into GitHub and
exposed to everyone.
So that's one way to solve for that.
But you can see that there
is a security recommendation
here that you should absolutely follow.
And it would be irresponsible for me to
be but for us, it doesn't matter, right?
Because if you set this up now and
you forgot about it, you'll be sad later,
right?
So we will go ahead and
set this piece up both for a root user and
again later for our administrator user.
Our goal is to set up this root
user secured as much as possible.
And then never touch it again, right,
because that way it's there in case
you lose somehow, so
might lose control the measure account,
what have you we have one additional
tier but this is not the one we go.
Writing the password on sticky notes for,
right,
that's our regular account
that we do that with.
So let's go ahead,
we'll add the two factor here.
We'll kind of take that as a personal trip
together and then we will reconvene and
talk a little bit about setting up that
administrator account and so on and
so forth.
One thing that we talked about during
the break was to add two factor auth
you need some kind of mechanism.
That could be a Yubikey.
That could be all sorts of things.
There are also a bunch of apps that
will store your two factor auth codes,
Google Authenticator being one.
I use Authy which I actually
used before I worked at Twilio,
I think before Twilio even acquired it,
but then I worked at Twilio.
So that is a no way.
The reason why I use it, it's also great.
It's just the one that I happen to use and
can vouch for, but
I'm sure Google Authenticator and some of
the other ones are also great as well.
So got that set up.
And you can see that now I've got
effectively two checks, right?
That said, I still don't
necessarily want to use this.
User if I can avoid it, right?
I'd rather create administrator user
that I can use for most things.
And then eventually, as I get a little
bit more granular with the different use
cases, I again, if I make a GitHub action
that can push my client side assets.
It should only have permission to
push the client side assets to the.
That's the ICD process should, right?
So I can get really granular
with the general permissions,
I give a very given user.
But step one is kind of go ahead and
create myself a new one for
me in this case.
You can also see that there's
an account alias that you can change.
One of the reasons you might consider
changing that, is right now for
this account alias of 552306219397
that I have to type in,
.signin.aws.amazon/console.
And just go ahead and click that and hit
create, and then we'll do FCMAWS live for
me, but for whatever you wanna do for you.
And now you will get,
it looks like I tried that one already.
I misspelled AWS but
that also means that I will not have
to deal with the conflict
from the previous attempts at
this as well,
let's all just remember that, cool.
So once I have that,
I can go in and click Users.
And you can see that at this moment,
there are no users to speak of.
But I can go here I can add a user.
Now you can give this user
any name that you want.
For my purposes of remembering things,
I am not going to be particularly
creative here, but yeah, you could use
your name if you wanted to whatever.
This will be the general user for
you the real effective
administrator/owner of the account.
Just gonna keep it somewhat
generic at this point,
then we have the two kinds of
access that a given user can have.
And this is kind of interesting, right?
So you have the programmatic access, which
remember your root user does not have,
this is effectively API access.
So what are some things that
we'd use the API access for?
Well, API access right but also
the command line, AWS command line tool,
right, which you might use to,
before we set up CICD.
We might go ahead and just use
the command line to take our build assets
from our local laptop and
deploy them up to production as well.
So that's one thing that you could set
up a API access key for your root user.
But even if you've gotten this far, and
you're like, throwing caution to the wind
you like, I'll just use the root user.
There is yet another reason
why you might consider putting
together a administrator
user of some sort.
We are gonna check both just so
we can kind of get a sense
of what that looks like.
Even if you so, even if you don't think
you need both, you go ahead and do that.
So then we've got the ability to give
it a password which I'm going to
do in this case.
Obviously, if you were creating an account
for somebody else, you might choose to use
like an auto generated password or
something along those lines.
And you'd probably make them
reset it at the next sign in.
I am going to not do that in
this case because it's just me,
We'll go ahead and we'll figure out
what permissions this account has.
So then we've got a few
different options for
figuring out what this
user is allowed to do.
As I mentioned before,
future users that we're gonna make,
should have as little access as and
get away with.
But somebody needs to kill the castle and
it probably we don't wanna use the root
user, so this this account will have
what we call basic administrator access.
Which has access to almost everything but
billing, which is why we set
up billing back when we were the root
user, which we still presently are.
You can add the user to a group.
You can copy the permissions
from an existing user or
you can attach the policies
directly to the user.
We don't have an existing user,
so that one rules that one out.
We'll talk a little bit
about groups later.
Let's just put the policies we
want right on to this user.
And there are 725 results, luckily,
the one we need is at the very top.
[LAUGH] Right, and
that is this administrator access,
which is the one that we
want to use in this case.
You hit the little arrow,
you can figure out we can see in JSON,
what it has the ability to do and
we'll write our own policies later.
But you can basically see what
the administrator is allowed to do.
It's allowed everything on everything,
right?
So that is what we're
gonna use in this case.
If you wanted to scope it down a little
bit more you could, like I said,
for all the different things that you
would want to do there are different
kinds of pre configured sets of policies
that you can apply to that user.
We are going to stick with just
administrator access for now.
Next ,we'll go to tags.
Okay, tags are not something
we're gonna deal with today.
Where attacks useful,
they're basically just metadata that
you can put on anything in AWS, right?
So tags are useful especially
as your company grows, or
the company you already have,
like you might say, okay, this tag,
we're gonna tag the team and
it's such an such team.
We're gonna say the product is such and
such product, the cost center is such and
such cost center, so
when you get that bill from Amazon, and
somebody ran up a big tab,
you don't have to like reverse engineer.
What ran up the costs, right?
You can also do clever stuff with
programmatically with the API access.
You wanna get all the resources with yeah,
okay,
I wanna get all the resources with
a given tag, so on and so forth.
It's just ways to annotate various
services and accounts, so you can figure
out for either budgeting or stuff along
those lines and add that metadata.
We don't really have a lot
to do with that right now.
Like I said,
you look at the examples up there,
you can add user information
like an email address.
Job titles,
are figuring out who to yell at,
in the case that someone ran up a bill or
something along those lines.
Awesome, so
this is basically what we've got.
We've got administrator user, it's
username, unsurprisingly is administrator.
It's gonna have both programmatic access
so we can use the CLI from our computers.
You could argue that like, if you're
making it for the team, then maybe you'd
also make individual ones and just have
that kind of master administrator user.
In case somebody decides that
they're rich off NFT's and
never come back, whatever,
and let's go with something
involving a boss but
I felt really just not fun.
So, we've got that, we can go ahead,
we can hit create user then
don't get carried away.
You're like sweet.
We got a user, yeah.
>> What would you look for
to figure out if your policies
hindering you from AWS service
if you set up different axes?
>> You will get like an access
denied real fast, right?
You will try to do something very
simple and get yelled at, right?
I will probably at one point of time
together mess one up when I start writing
my own by hand.
So you will quickly get denied at which
point you will, the error messages for
those are actually what some of the better
ones that you'll see as well, cool.
Any questions in the room?
All right, the screen,
do not get carried away.
It says success.
You think you're done.
This is important screen,
see that secret access key,
which I'm not gonna hit show on, your API.
Your API Key has two parts to it.
You have the access key ID and
the secret access key.
Despite the fact that those names,
sound shockingly similar.
They are very different.
Effectively the access key ID
is kinda like your username.
And the secret access key is kind
of like your password, right?
But you will get to see that
secret access key exactly once.
Right now that's somewhat of a lie, but
effectively on the screen, you will
see there's no way to go back into
the AWS console and see it again later.
So if you just go and hit close,
you will have to go regenerate a new one,
not a whole new user.
But you actually have to go into
at least root in this case,
since or I guess as the administrator and
go generate yourself a new API key.
So you're I'm gonna hit
the Send Email button.
That's not even worth it.
It opens up your email client, telling
the person that they have an account now.
Especially if this is you,
it's not super helpful,
it doesn't include any of the requisite
information that one would need is go talk
to the person in charge or something
that you are the person in charge.
So your choices are, go ahead and
hit show, which I'm not going to do.
And then go put that in like your
password manager of choice or
some more securely place,
somewhere encrypted.
The other option is you
can hit download CSV,
which is gonna download a CSV
that has this unencrypted in it.
So like I said,
you can probably just hit show.
In so far that I am live streaming my
screen and this account effectively has
the keys to the castle,
I am going down with the CSV,
with that you can go ahead and
hit close, right?
And so,
there's your new administrator user.
And to kind of think about the question,
I got earlier about what happens
if you mess up the permissions.
If you get too low, you can always
adjust the permissions, right?
You've got the root user that has that
kind of super user access almost to
your account.
You can tweak and add the policies for
your administrate user or
any of those other users.
Like I said,
at one point if I don't do it on purpose,
I will at least accidentally probably mess
up one of the policies and get yelled at.
So we've got that in place from here
you can also see last activity so
on and so forth and yeah,
effectively at that point we're done
with this root user for the day.
We are going to log out of
the root user and go in and
switch over to our administrator user for
a little bit.
So with that, you can go grab that,
you actually hit this copy button as well.
The sign in URL, will do that and
what we will do is, we will sign out and
we will kind of go through this
process again with our admin user.
I'll kind of get us there and
then we'll take another quick break and
we will add the two factor off.
And all that kind of stuff is kind of an
exercise to go through it one more time.
Also just to secure our accounts, and then
we will kind of pick it up from there.
So let's go get that piece in place.
I'm gonna go up here,
and I'm gonna sign out.
I'll put in that URL,
you'd also type it in,
if you missed it or your 12 digit account,
and this case I am,
Sure, great, and so as you can see,
I kind of joked before,
places I've been to, as the root user
have shown here, it's local storage.
It's fine.
But that also means that
I am is there as well.
And you can see that it's making sure that
you did set up that MFA on every user,
which we did because we were responsible.
But now you should also add it for
yourself as well.
And like I said, I would be remiss if
I said, no, no, this is just a course.
It's cool.
It's just, not do it, let's go,
let's actually secure these accounts and
do it right.
We'll add the two factor auth to
our administrator accounts, and
then we'll get rocking and rolling.